Great job!
Now you've had an opportunity to learn about
different ways to stay engaged with
the security community.
Let's take a moment to
review what we've covered.
First, we identified
reliable security resources.
Then, we discussed different ways to
engage with the security community.
We also explored the usefulness of social
media to connect with other security professionals
and stay informed
about current topics of interest.
Finally, we shared ways to establish
and advance a career in security,
including following a CISO on social media
or joining a professional organization.
We've come a long way in this journey.
You should be proud of your progress and
how far you've come.
I'm certainly proud of you.
In the final section of this course,
we'll take the time to prepare you for
the job search and interviewing process.
How exciting is that!?